Update README.md (#5715)
jina-ai/jina: README.md

<!-- end build-ai-services -->

> **Note**

> > In a notebook, one cannot use deployment.block() and then make requests to the client. Thus, while this example code can run in a local computer with 2 python processes, the same cannot be done for a Jupyter Notebook. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In a notebook, one cannot use `deployment.block()` and then make requests to the client. Please refer to the colab link above for reproducible Jupyter Notebook code snippets.
```
